Explain briefly the existence of `outdated_sync_field` at README (#756)
toptal/chewy: README.md

#### `chewy:sync`

> Provides a way to synchronize outdated indexes with the source quickly and without doing a full reset. By default field `updated_at` but this could be defined by `outdated_sync_field` as described at [Chewy::Type::Syncer](lib/chewy/type/syncer.rb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a way to synchronize outdated indexes with the source quickly and without doing a full reset. By default field `updated_at` is used to find outdated records, but this could be customized by `outdated_sync_field` as described at [Chewy::Type::Syncer](lib/chewy/type/syncer.rb).
```
